Why, Korn?
Why did my father give you the farm stocks?
Why?
Get out of my house, Korn.
Don’t ever come back.
Korn, you are okay to talk, right?
Yes.
Win knows about our bakery shop.
You know well that I hate his guts.
Why do you still talk to him?
Why do you talk to him?
I must clear this with him.
This shit must end tonight.
What the hell happened to me?
Just a moment.
How are you, Lin?
Korn, you’re here.
Korn, you son of a bitch!
It’s all because of you.
I’m like this because of you!
You asshole.
Help. Help.
It’s all because of you.
What’s going on?
Lin, calm down.
Calm down.
What’s wrong?
Let go of me, four-eyes!
Let go of me!
Don’t freaking touch me!
Oh my god. Are you alright, Doctor?
Ouch!
Quickly!
Go get some help!
Get me the injection.
Okay.
What’s that for, Non?
Lin is suffering acute confusion after the accident.
We’ll give her a drug to treat aggressive behavior.
It’ll help her rest.
My head hurts.
I don’t want to get an injection.
I just woke up.
If I get it, I don’t know when I’ll wake up.
Alright.
Non, is the injection really necessary?
I don’t think she can take it.
No, I can’t, Mom.
If I get it, I don’t know when I’ll wake up again.
I want to do nothing.
But you’re fine now, right?
Why do you ask like that?
You didn’t look fine earlier.
It looked like you were angry with Korn.
Why were you angry with him?
Well, I was just shocked.
I thought some random guy was going to attack me.
But you called out his name.
(Shit, what excuse should I make?)
Argh!
My head hurts!
I don’t know anything!
I’m so stressed out!
Okay.
I won’t pressure you anymore.
Non, could she be having a brain concussion?
I don’t know.
We’ll have to ask the professor
who’s a neurologist.
Then I’ll go get him.
Could you take me to the neurology department?
Of course.Please come with me.
Please take care of her.
Where are you going?
I’ll be right back.
Finally, they’re all gone.
Untie me, four-eyes.
Excuse me?
What did you say?
Don’t act confused.
I said untie me.
Sorry?
It’s me, your friend Win.
Really?
Yes.
Untie me right now.
Or do you want me to get Chumphon to do it?
Hold on.	That’s my father.
Is it really you, Win?
It can’t be.
Did Win tell you about me, Lin?
You still don’t believe me?
Fine.
In grade 8, you got called to the principal’s office for carrying porn books to school.
In grade 10, you skipped chemistry to sleep in the library.
The teachers thought you skipped school so they told your father Chumphon.
He then told you off	and made you ride on his motorbike to school every day.
That’s enough.
How is this possible?
I don’t know.
I’m way more confused than you.
Untie me right now, four-eyes.
It’s uncomfortable.
Quickly!
Non, is she suffering a severe brain concussion?
I don’t need to tell you who I am
but I want you to know that you’re the cause of this.
You have a scar in that spot.
Is that true?
Pirapat Watthanasetsiri
Sahaphap Wongratch
Ployshompoo Supasap
Nawat Phumphotingam
Niphawan Thaweepornsawan / Chayajee Krittayapongsakorn / Chanagun Arpornsutinan
Thanaboon Wanlopsirinun / Chatchawarin Klainak / Nattharat Kornkaew / Michael Chaowanasai
Nuree / Darina Boonchu
Directed by Sakon Wongsinwiset
Win, is it really you?
How did you swap bodies with your sister?
I don’t know.
Non,
can you get me back into my old body?
I’m a doctor, not a shaman.
I don’t even know how you swapped bodies with your sister.
Oh, you just had a car accident.
Maybe you have to get into another car accident with your sister.
Are you insane?
If you want to, do it yourself.
Wait, how’s my body?
Your insides are normal.
A few bruises on the outside, but your body is still unconscious.
You woke up first.
If I’m here,
where is my sister?
Venerable Uncle.
Namaste, Venerable Uncle.
Good day.
How are you feeling, Win?
You knew?
Your father told me everything.
My father?
He chased me to my quarters.
Then you know what happened, right?
Why dwell in the past?
Why don’t you focus on the solution?
You know the solution?
Of course I do.
I wouldn’t have come if I didn't.
You have to pay respect to four monks
and ask them for holy water within the next 7 days.
I wrote down everything in this paper.
Thank you.
Why did you give it to him?
It’s better to let him keep it.
You’re an impetuous person.
You could lose it.
Does this mean I have to go with him?
Why?
Can I go with Non instead?
What does this have to do with me?
I wouldn’t suggest that at all.
Your fate will always bring you bad luck when you’re alone.
Korn’s fate will push the bad things away.
Really?
Can I go alone anyway?
Listen to me.
I doubt it.
Don’t stay in doubt.
Can I ask one more question?
You can.
If I can collect the holy water in time,
Lin and I will get back into our old bodies, right?
What I can tell you is
you and Lin will live again.
Everything else depends on you.
Remember, you have seven days.
Collect the holy water by midnight of the seventh day
or Lin’s soul will not return to her body again.
Understand?
I will never go with you.
(Remember, you have seven days)
(or Lin’s soul will not return to her body again.)
How is she, Doctor?
Her symptoms are normal.
She can rest here for one more night and go home tomorrow.
Can I leave today?
Please?
Mom, I’m fine now.
I don’t want to waste another day.
Can she leave, Doctor?
The fact that she’s talking this much means she’s healthy now.
She can leave.
Thank you krub.
Ka.
Mom, can we visit Win before we leave?
Win, I’m sorry.
You’re suffering because of me.
I’m sorry, son.
If anything happens to you, how will your sister and I live?
Your father is already gone.
I don’t want to lose you too.
Win.
It’s okay, Mom.
I will make things good again.
You know well that I hate his guts!
Why do you still talk to him?
Why do you talk to him?
Slow down.
Shut up!
Don’t worry about Win.
He’s with the doctor now.
There’s nothing to worry about.
Besides, the Venerable Uncle said he will wake up.
The Venerable Uncle?
The Venerable Uncle paid me a visit today.
He said I should go collect holy water from four temples and he will perform a ritual for us.
Is that so?
Yes.
A lot of bad fortune is probably what’s causing him to be like this.
If we can get all the holy water, everything will go back to normal.
Do we have to resort to that kind of thing these days?
Please don’t ask too much.
The Venerable Uncle said it’s good, so it’ll be good.
Don’t you trust him?
If you don’t believe in this, don’t disrespect it.
It doesn’t hurt to try.
Isn’t it worth the risk to try if it could make everything better?
I haven’t said anything.
You’re being too rational just like your brother.
Where’s the holy water?
Can we send our farm workers to get it?
No.
The Venerable Uncle said I have to do this myself.
I don’t think you’re ready for that.
You’re just getting out of the hospital.
Where do you have to go?
You wouldn’t know if I told you.
It’s everywhere in all directions.
Oh, I forgot to tell you I’m not going alone.
Who are you going with?
That bloody Korn, of course.
What?
Yes, that bloody Korn.
He heard about it, so he offered to go with me.
Oh, and if you want to call Win,
I mean if you want to call me, call Win’s number.
My phone is not working.
Why do you talk about Korn like that?
Like what? Korn is Korn.
I’m not fully recovered yet,
that’s why I keep talking nonsense.
Don’t mind me.
Let’s just hurry home after we’re done here.
I haven’t started packing.
(Four places in four regions. No kidding.)
(I only have seven days. Will I finish the mission in time? )
(I have no choice. )
(I have to finish it in time. )
Damn, this is too much.
I’m going to wear my own clothes.
Must I put these on?
Clothes.
Toothbrush. Toothpaste.
Shoes. Socks.Underwear.
Phone!
Hello?
What’s up?
I just wanted to ask if you got home already.
I’ve been calling for some time.
I turned my phone off.
What’s the matter?
I’m packing.
Are you really going alone tomorrow?
Yes.
You’re still mad at Korn?
If you were me, wouldn’t you be mad at him?
Do you really think he wants your family’s fortune?
Honestly,
after all this time you’ve known and been friends with him,
do you really think he’s that kind of person?
Who knows?
When it comes to money, you can’t tell about people.
Haven’t you seen the news?
I don’t think he’s that kind of person.
If he doesn’t want the money, why hasn’t he given it back?
He might have other reasons you don’t know about.
What reasons?
I’ve been thinking about this for a year and I still can’t think of one reason,
except he’s been sucking up to my father for his fortune.
But he never talked to you about that, did he?
Four-eyes, seriously, who would admit to something like that?
Do you have an excuse for him?
Enlighten me.
I don’t know.
I’m not him, so I don’t know.
You’re closer to him than I am but you don’t even know.
Exactly.
I’m close to him. Why didn’t he tell me?
Let’s not talk about him.
I don’t want to anymore.
Is there anything else?
I’m busy packing.
You can talk to him when you see him tomorrow.
I’m not going with him.
I just told my mom I would.
Don’t even think about telling her I’m doing this alone.
I have to go.
7 DAYS LEFT
Win.
You’re leaving, right?
Get in the car.
No.
I’m going on my own.
Win.
Why is he so stubborn?
Get in.
I’ll drive you.
No.
I’m going on my own.
Win, the Venerable Uncle said you must go with me.
My mission is to collect holy water from four temples within seven days,
not to go with you.
Win.
Win, get in the car.
How are you going to get there?
None of your business.
You only have seven days.
Don’t be stubborn. Come with me.
Trust me.
Is this how you hurry?
Looking for food?
I’m not looking for food.
I’m looking for bottles to collect the holy water.
You’re bringing so much stuff
and you just got out of the hospital.
We should go together. Trust me.
I’m going on my own
and I’m going to finish the mission without you.
Seriously?
I was just driving it the other day.
Why are you shaking your head?
Neck bone problems?
Hey.
Flat tire?
You have to be kidding me.
Win.
Get in my car.
No.
I’d rather die than go with you.
Win, are you really going to walk?
Mind your own business.
You can’t walk all the way. Look at the sun.
Leave me alone.
Think carefully.
If you walk, you’ll arrive in two days.
Normally, a runner can only run 40 kilometers per day
and will rest for two days after.
You won’t finish this in seven days.
Who said I’m walking?
I’m hitchhiking.
Win.
Hey.
What’s wrong with you?
I think you should drop your ego.
If you don’t want to do this for yourself, do it for your sister.
Okay? Get in the car.
Hurry up.
Win, get in.
Hey, can I get a ride?
Win.
Hey, stop. I need a ride.
Hey.
Where are you going, girl?
Girl?
I’m going to Lop Buri.
Where are you heading?
Lop Buri?
I’m not going that far.
I’m going to Ban Pho, Chachoengsao.
Can I get a ride though?
I’ll get off on the way.
Sure, let’s go.
How long have you been trying to get a ride?
Not long.
You’re the first car I asked.
The other car didn’t let you ride with them?
No.
Not many people are kind these days.
It’s hard to find one like you.
You’re praising me too much.
Anyway, it’s going to get a little packed in here.
Don’t worry. I just have to pick up two workers.
They must have been waiting for a long time.
Oh.
There he is.
Who is he with?
His wife?
I don’t think so.
No.
Please go wait outside.
I’ll get those two to sit in the cab.
You guys are drinking again?
We’ve been waiting for sometime without anything to do.
Is that your wife?
What? No.
Who is she then?
She asked me for a ride.
I think I’ll get off here.
Hey, come with us.
Don’t you want to come with us anymore?
It’s okay. The car is packed.
I don’t want you to be uncomfortable.
We won’t.
If there’s not enough space, you can sit on my lap.
No.
Please.
Let go of me!
Let go!
Hey!
Ouch!
Don’t mess with me!
That didn’t hurt.
My skin is thick.
Please keep punching.
Please.
Punch me too, please.
Please, my ass!
She’s fierce.
Who’s that?
I’m her husband.
I’m sorry for all this trouble.
Hey!
My wife is always sulking.
Let go of me, Korn!
Let go!
Korn! I’m telling you to let go of me!
Let go of me!
Leave me alone already.
Stop.
Give me your backpack.
Get in the car.
You’re hurting me.
If I hadn’t saved you, you would be hurting a lot more.
But you had no right to say those things.
My sister is not your wife.
No, she’s not.
But if I hadn’t said that, do you think you could’ve gotten away so easily?
You see where your stubbornness got you?
The Venerable Uncle said you have to go with me.
Otherwise, bad things will happen to you.
If you don’t care about your body, at least care about your sister’s.
Go with me or not, it’s your choice.
Which way do we go?
Follow the GPS
and don’t talk to me.
I don’t want to talk to you anymore.
What’s up?
Win has agreed to go with you, right?
How do you know that?
His mother told me when she came here today.
Yeah.
How did it happen?
Last night when I spoke to him,
he said he’d never go with you, even if he had to die.
I don’t know.
He must have changed his mind.
Good.
He’s in Lin’s body. It’s dangerous for him to travel alone.
This is your chance to be alone with him.
Tell him what’s on your mind.
Alright.
I have to go. I’m driving.
That was Non.
He wanted to know if you were with me.
Your mother knows you’re with me.
Do we turn here or up ahead?
What the hell are you doing?
You’re talking to me now?
Why are you laughing?
What’s wrong with you, Win?
If you’re not happy about something, just say it.
If you want to pee, poop, or stop at the gas station, you can tell me.
If you have any questions, you can talk to me.
I don’t want to talk to you.
And this is the only place I’m going with you.
I’m going to the other places on my own.
Without you.
(Is he not going to stop somewhere for food?)
(Just tell him you’re hungry.)
Are you hungry yet?
I won’t eat.
(Win, you’re starving but you’re still trying to keep your cool?)
(I can’t tell him. It’s embarrassing.)
But Lin’s body needs food.
I won’t eat.
I will get the holy water first.
But I will eat.
I’m hungry.
I know this area.
There should be a good restaurant around here.
I’ll take you.
(Of course. You’re only worried about Lin.)
Come in quickly.
Welcome.
Thanks.
Stop making that face.
You look like a monkey’s butt.
I’d like Tom Yum seafood soup,
sesame encrusted chicken tendons
Okay.
And fermented pork ribs.
Would you also like boiled seafood with dipping sauce?
Yes, please.
It’ll be just a moment.
Feel free to order anything else you want.
I’m not hungry.
No?
We’ll see about that.
Excuse me.
Ah.
Chicken tendons.
This smells so good.
Here.
Wow, the food here is very fast.
Here you go.
Tom Yum.
Thanks.
Are you sure you don’t want to eat?
I said I’m not hungry.
Okay.
The Tom Yum is really tasty.
The fermented pork.
Wow, it’s perfectly sour.
Are you sure you don’t want to eat?
Yes.
Fine.
Boiled squid and spicy dipping sauce.
Wow.
The sauce is really good.
Are you sure you don’t want to eat?
I can’t hold it back anymore.
Hey, that’s mine.
I thought you said you’re not hungry.
I’m not.
I’m feeding my sister nutrition.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
Win?
What’s wrong?
Hey.
Win?
Why?
Why what?
Win?
Do you want to go to the hospital?
I’m in trouble.
What’s wrong?
Calm down. Speak slowly.
Look at me.
What’s wrong?
I…
You what?
Look at me.
I…
You what?
I’m full.
Screw you.
What’s wrong with me?
I used to be able to eat 4-5 dishes and nothing happened.
Why am I suddenly getting full after trying only a bit of each?
That’s all Lin’s stomach could take.
Don’t forget that you’re in your sister’s body now.
Coconut milk custard.
What now?
You said you’re full.
Savory and sweet food go to different stomachs.
Don’t you know that?
Are you a cow? Is that why you have many stomachs?
I can’t make a clueless guy like you understand no matter how hard I try.
Clueless, huh?
I probably can only eat one cup.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Can I get only one cup?
No.
But I only want to eat one.
We sell them in pairs.
If you can’t eat them up, you can share them with your boyfriend.
He’s not….
Okay.
I’ll eat them up, darling.
Eat.
Why did you tell her I’m your girlfriend?
Stop thinking too much. It’s nothing.
You can say that because your reputation is not at stake.
Calling me girlfriend and wife?
What should I do with you?
Fine, I will stop saying things like that, darling.
How many steps are there?
Wait a second.
Shit.
There are 1,500 steps.
What?
We should hurry up before it gets dark.
I know.
What?
Aren’t you going to thank me?
I looked it up for you.
Where are you guys going?
To see the monk up there.
Now? It’s late.
It will already be dark when you get there.
Besides, tonight is a moonless night.
No one goes up there.
Moonless night?
What about it?
They say people have seen floating head ghosts.
Come on, floating head ghosts are not real.
Believe what you will
but let me warn you about something.
Do you know you can be turned into floating head ghosts through saliva?
If anyone offers you water, don’t take it.
It’s getting late. I have to go.
Thank you.
What do you say?
If you’re afraid of ghosts, we can come back tomorrow.
Are you suggesting we drive back to Chonburi and come back here tomorrow?
Are you crazy?
Why would we drive back? We can spend the night in this area.
You’re crazy for telling me off without thinking.
You bastard.
I thought we’re going to waste another day.
More importantly, I don’t want to spend the night with you.
Can you do this?
(1,500 steps of stairs.)
(How much time will it take?)
(Climbing 300 steps up to Doi Suthep takes half an hour.)
(This would take an hour and a half.)
(You can’t walk up, Win. It’ll get dark before you arrive.)
(You have to run up.)
I’m going to get there before dark.
Good.
What are you looking at?
Don’t look.
Come have some water.
You can continue your journey later.
Hey, don’t drink that!
Shit!
What’s going on?
You can sleep up here.
I’m just afraid you won’t get enough sleep.
We have a long way to go tomorrow.
5 YEARS AGO WHEN THEY WERE YOUNG AND FRESH OUT OF UNIVERSITY
I don’t know when I’ll be able to go on a trip with you guys again.
Is being a doctor that busy?
Yes,
but that’s not the point.
Our schedules will be unpredictable.
We may not get the same time off.
Mm.
Then let’s enjoy this feeling.
How?
By the way, this feels familiar.
Déjà vu?
Have you guys seen 4bia?
There’s a group of friends sleeping in a tent
and the one in the middle got spooked by a ghost.
Oh, I’ve seen that movie!
Wait,
that’s me.
Get up, Non. Swap places with me.
No.
Why did you tell us this story?
No. I’m scared too.
Why me?
Korn, you do it.
What?
Fine, you guys are talking nonsense.
I can sleep in the middle.
Are we okay now? I’m sleeping in the middle. Problem solved.
What is it?
I’m getting goosebumps.
Do you want to do it?
What are you talking about?
I mean I’m scared of the tent’s hole.
Oh.
Come here.
You can sleep on my arm.
I’ll cover the hole.